update seed eligibility & seed opt out (#251)
GovTechSG/techpass-user-docs: docs/sign-up-and-onboard-to-techpass.md

3. Indicate if you want to onboard your Internet Device to SEED and then select **I'm not a robot**.

>    !> - To access services such as SGTS and GCC 2.0 resources through an Internet Device, you need to onboard that device to SEED.<br> - If your email is not eligible for SEED (e.g. a schools.gov.sg), you will not see the option to onboard to SEED.

Reviewer: If a @schools.gov.sg user really need SEED to access SGTS or GCC2.0 then we should indicate how the user should get a Member account.

>    !> - To access services such as SGTS and GCC 2.0 resources through an Internet Device, you need to onboard that device to SEED.<br> - If your email is not eligible for SEED (e.g. is not a WOG account), you will not see the option to onboard to SEED.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   !> - To access services such as SGTS and GCC 2.0 resources through an Internet Device, you need to onboard that device to SEED.<br> - If your email is not eligible for SEED (e.g. a schools.gov.sg), you will not see the option to onboard to SEED.
```

honestly not certain if this statement will bring more qns or it should be more intuitive from the system. we can leave it in first

Author: updated
